---
title: Meetings!
layout: post
---



***
```python
printf("My developer diary.\n");
```
***

Had a meeting with my friend. We seized the opportunity and went over the application again which culminated in a couple of hours of design work for me and getting a basic structure to function, including the md5 check from the other day and providing opportunity to, if the config.json is missing, either browse through the Computer to find it again or re-download it from our server. 

Instead of our server I just used a folder in root and put the hash in a .txt file, while the json would be simply copied over. However LiveCode doesn't seem to make a difference between accessing local files and stuff on the web. 

I also had to come up with several stacks or "cards" as they are called in LiveCode. My app is kinda barebones but it looks ok and works alright. I haven't checked memory consumation yet but I doubt it's a lot. The basic apps all consume around 13.9 MB I will have to look for foolproofing the md5, I'm not sure if anything has to do with 64bit / 32bit and the app I made should be a 32-bit one. Although I'm not sure, dead tired. 

I also mentioned the idea to possibly use QTCreator instead, I think he liked the idea of using C++. The idea to make the app cross-platform is not a priority anymore, we need to get it running on Windows first.

Furthermore he has decided that the Android app should only include partial functionality instead. However I'd love to cover that aspect too and make a fully-fledged app but I'm glad I have more definitive goals now and a less broad selection to choose from, streamlines my progress. 

I've also been lent a flip chart which I have already put to good use for planning the app flow. All in all I'm really looking forward to what comes next.