---
title: Donerino!
layout: post
---



***
```python
printf("My developer diary.\n");
```
***


The applet is done. LoL. 

Insane! So much effort. A bit more tweaking is required but I've added everything that we'll need. The language selection works aswell and updates the current database variable depending on whatever is selected in the login mask but also takes into account a user who doesn't divert from the default translation which is English. 

Since our framework is not a friend of local variables I helped myself by automating the process and reading the first 2 characters of the menu selection field in question. I just hope that the first 2 letters of each language we are going to implement always corresponds to the it's designated language e. g. Deutsch = de, English = en. But even if it doesn't I wouldn't mind adding an if statement here and there. Ultimately translation isn't going to be automated either way and it's up to me to come up with a solution and I already have something in mind.

Database selection and updates work perfectly. I check whether the device exists and if it doesn't, it just means that a new user is detected who doesn't have an active device yet I ask whether he wants to use up a license and if the answer is yes I first increment in MySQL via update var = var + 1 (only if the amount of maximum licenses is bigger than the amount of activated ones - pretty simple huh) and then re-run the script from the beginning, bringing me to the beginning of the flow, this time the device aswell as it's checksum exist and leads us past the login screen. Glad I didn't have to turn this into a loop as those look quite messy in a GUI.

As for detecting users who already own a license but want to activate additional devices I've sketched out the process on my white board and am going to implement that tomorrow. I would also look at hiding the password upon entry, never thought that such a function that I take for granted dozens of times on a daily basis across multiple platforms and applications could ever become a question in programming. 

I've looked at solutions online and it seems that some shortcut their way through by importing a specific font that has the same character for every char. I'm not sure if that's feasible in terms of security if all I have to do is copypaste the string into any word processor and change the font to anything else but how many times have I done exactly that.. copy paste my own, scrambled password and it worked. Lots of times.

Still, it can't be that difficult to continously parse a data field for char inputs and upon entry of a char take string[i], put that into a local, hidden variable while replacing string[i] in the datafield with any symbol and increment i; Then, simply use the hidden password for my login function. Hell, I could even work with string sizes in limiting the length of the password. Probably not feasible but a fun idea.